bamford here on the morning of monday
december 27th Bob you unleashed a
monster yesterday we actually saw him at
Hollywood Park the factor set a new
track record did anything he did
yesterday surprise you at all no we
actually thought he was going to do that
first down and uh yeah I was very
disappointed first Audi yet he broke he
broke ok and then got behind horses
shuffled back but he got a lot out of
the race and we realized you know he
does not want to run that way that's not
his style he wants to go out there near
the leader on the lead so yesterday we
just told a lover i'll just put him on
the lead and don't look back Bob I think
it's impressive as the way he won was
the way he galloped out after the race
now he's we've always been very high on
this horse I've always thought he was
one of the best ones in the barn and he
has that just at raw talent and so he
got to show it off yesterday how long do
you wait before you stretch him out Bob
well I'm going to wait I won't run him
back for probably another month so I'll
just I'll let him tell me how he's
training along but being that he's had
two races into him he could stretch out
probably his next down Bob there's
already a lot of buzz about the name
tell us how he got named the factor well
I mean I'm a big bill o'reilly fan and
so is a the owner George Bolton so a lot
of it came from there and also the
factor also means the Queen's god I
think it's a money guy or something like
has to do with it but I actually email
somebody from the bill o'reilly show
because I've been a big bill o'reilly
fan anyway so I'm glad as this horse
finally held up to his name's Bob you
met a lot of people in this business
looks like maybe bill o'reilly could be
could be on the horizon here in San I
needed this winter i'm a big fan of Bill
O'Reilly so my wife and I that's all we
watch is Bill O'Reilly so and my parents
and the objective the first Saturday in
May with this coal hopefully Bob good
luck off to a good start